README.md, before:

# allen_api_wrapper: The Allen Brain Institute API Wrapper

allen_api_wrapper is a python package that allows for simple access to [The Allen Brain Institute's mousebrain API](http://help.brain-map.org/display/mousebrain/API). allen_api_wrapper aims to be as easy to use as possible.

# Installation
Currently, allen_api_wrapper is being developed using python 3.4. The recommended way to install is by downloading the repository via github:

```
git clone git@github.com:ThunderShiviah/AllenBrainAtlasAPI.git
```

Then navigate to AllenBrainAtlasAPI/code/allen_api_wrapper/skeleton  (the directory containing setup.py) and run the following command:

```
python3.4 setup.py install
```

To uninstall use pip3.4:
```
pip3.4 uninstall allen_api_wrapper
```

To run tests, navigate to the directory above tests and run the following command:
```
nosetests
```
# License
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) [2015] [Thunder Shiviah]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Added link to changelog using rawgit.

README.md, after:

# allen_api_wrapper: The Allen Brain Institute API Wrapper

allen_api_wrapper is a python package that allows for simple access to [The Allen Brain Institute's mousebrain API](http://help.brain-map.org/display/mousebrain/API). allen_api_wrapper aims to be as easy to use as possible.

# Installation
Currently, allen_api_wrapper is being developed using python 3.4. The recommended way to install is by downloading the repository via github:

```
git clone git@github.com:ThunderShiviah/AllenBrainAtlasAPI.git
```

Then navigate to AllenBrainAtlasAPI/code/allen_api_wrapper/skeleton  (the directory containing setup.py) and run the following command:

```
python3.4 setup.py install
```

To uninstall use pip3.4:
```
pip3.4 uninstall allen_api_wrapper
```

To run tests, navigate to the directory above tests and run the following command:
```
nosetests
```
You can take a look at the changelog [here](https://rawgit.com/ThunderShiviah/AllenBrainAtlasAPI/master/changelog.html)
# License
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) [2015] [Thunder Shiviah]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
